MealCheck:


I started off using an ArrayList Adapter even though I wanted to
include a database in this app which will keep track of the history
of when people eat or do not eat a certain food. The database will be
stored on the user's phone. 

Later, I realized that to use a Adapter, I will need to use a cursor
adapter to make it a little easier. I figured this out because of a
tutorial I went through that explained how to properly use SQLite.

I am thinking of making one database, and 7 different tables. One for
each day of the week. I want to use 7 different tables to make it
more organized and easier to maintain. Otherwise, I will need to
check the date and then figure out what day of the week that was.

Basically, the headers will be id, date, and all the food names from
that specific day. As new food is added, I will use the following:
"ALTER TABLE {tableName} ADD COLUMN {colName} {Type}"

TODO: August 28th, 2018
1) Change ArrayListAdapter to CursorAdapter.
2) Add logic for database. Create the database, and the tables.
	a) Before creation, user will be asked to input the Meal Plan
	they created so all the food/meals are ready to be added.
3) And more...


August 31, 2018:

The plan to take in user input is to take it in one by one for each food/meal.
Once the user inputs one, user presses enter and the view updates
with entered meal and then the next EditText view is there for user 
to enter the next input.


September 1, 2018:

One problem previously faced was being able to make the app run again.
In order to do that, I had to properly read the Logcat while trying
to run the app. Eventually, I figured out the exact line and file the 
problem was occuring and fixed the problem by changing the code.

Plan for database:
I am thinking about making the database in a different style than 
explained before. Now, I am thinking of making 3 columns, id, food, and checked.
The table will update when food is added. And update when the user 
checks off the food being eaten. End of the day or end of the week - 
all existing food will be unchecked so the user can check it again 
as needed. 

TODO:
- Still need to create xml file and write java code to be able to take in data from the user. 